Documentation: How Rufus Works
Installation
To run Rufus, ensure you have the following dependencies installed:
pip install selenium transformers faiss-cpu docx validators webdriver-manager torch
Main.py
The main.py file serves as the entry point for running Rufus. It contains the logic to initialize the Rufus class and trigger the web data extraction and answer generation process.

Usage
To utilize Rufus, run the main.py script. This will initiate the process of crawling the specified URL, extracting relevant content, and generating an answer based on the provided question.

Modify main.py: Update the target_url, question, and file_format variables with your desired values.

Run the script:
python main.py
Integration into a RAG Pipeline
Data Collection: Use Rufus to scrape relevant web pages based on specific queries. Rufus will automatically crawl links found on the initial page and gather data from them as well.

Embedding Storage: Store the extracted content using FAISS, enabling fast similarity searches. This is crucial for retrieving the most relevant chunks of text in response to user queries.

Answer Generation: Once relevant chunks are retrieved based on the user's question, they can be fed into the answer generation model. Rufus prepares a prompt that combines the question with the context, which is then processed by the language model.

Output Management: Save the results in the desired format (JSON, DOCX) for easy consumption or further processing in other systems.

Example Workflow
Start by modifying the parameters in main.py.
Run the script to initiate the crawling and extraction process.
Rufus retrieves the relevant data, generates answers, and saves the output in the specified format.
Conclusion
Rufus is a versatile tool that addresses the complexities of retrieving and processing web data for RAG agents. By intelligently crawling websites, extracting relevant information, and generating answers, it serves as a valuable asset for anyone looking to leverage web content effectively.

For any questions or further details on the implementation, feel free to reach out!
